Documentation updates for clarifying what is allowed in LIMIT & Co (#588)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/limit.adoc

[[limit-subset-rows-using-expression]]
== Using an expression with `LIMIT` to return a subset of the rows

> `LIMIT` accepts any expression that evaluates to a positive integer, as long as it can be statically calculated:

Reviewer: "statically calculated" should probably be briefly defined - what do you think about either of the below 2 suggestions?

```suggestion
`LIMIT` accepts any expression that evaluates to a positive integer, as long as it can be calculated before the query is run."
```

Alternatively: "...as long as it can be statically calculated (i.e. calculated before the query is run)."
